Logging 5.7.11 Release Notes (#71233)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/logging-release-notes-5-7-11.adoc

// module included in logging/logging-5-7-release-notes
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="logging-release-notes-5-7-11_{context}"]
= Logging 5.7.11

> This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:0694[Logging Bug Fix 5.7.11]

Reviewer: Punctuation:
```suggestion
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:0694[Logging Bug Fix 5.7.11].
```
Also I notice the other entries say more fully "OpenShift Logging", so maybe:
```suggestion
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:0694[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix 5.7.11].
```

Author: Logging is a legal approved short name, OpenShift Logging is not the current legal name.

[id="logging-release-notes-5-7-11-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, when configured to read a custom S3 Certificate Authority the Loki Operator would not automatically update the configuration when the name of the ConfigMap or the contents changed. With this update, the Loki Operator is watching for changes to the ConfigMap and automatically updates the generated configuration. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4968[LOG-4968])

Reviewer: Comma, markup, and a suggested tweak:
```suggestion
* Before this update, when configured to read a custom S3 Certificate Authority, the Loki Operator would not automatically update the configuration when the name of the `ConfigMap` object or the contents changed. With this update, the Loki Operator now watches for changes to the `ConfigMap` object and automatically updates the generated configuration. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-4968[LOG-4968])
```
